Find users script (#2)
coveooss/bitbucket-issue-migration: README.md

* Issue numbers are not kept. Instead the title in GitHub contains a reference to the original ID in Bitbucket

## Find users script

> For bigger organizations, filling the user mapping can be a tiresome task. To help with this, there is the a script called `find_users.py` that attempts to create the mapping for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bigger organizations, filling the user mapping can be a tiresome task. The script`find_users.py` can help with this.  It attempts to create the mapping for you.
```

Please note that neither Bitbucket nor GitHub exposes the user emails, so manual work will still be needed.

The script will do the following:
- Get all users from Bitbucket.
- If Jira credentials are supplied, get more details about Bitbucket users from the Jira API (it is worth it!)
- Get all users from GitHub
- Attempt to match names in Bitbucket (and Jira) to GitHub by removing spaces, user supplied prefixes and suffixes (e.g. your company name), email domain, spaces, diacritics
- Print the config to paste in config.py
- Print the Bitbucket users that were not matched
- Print the GitHub users that were not matched

```
Usage: find_users.py [OPTIONS]

Options:
  --github-access-token TEXT      [env var: GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN; required]
  --github-org TEXT               [required]
  --bitbucket-username TEXT       [env var: BITBUCKET_USERNAME; required]
  --bitbucket-password TEXT       [env var: BITBUCKET_PASSWORD; required]
  --bitbucket-team TEXT           [required]

>   --user-prefix TEXT              Prefix to remove to user names to attempt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --user-prefix TEXT              Prefix to remove from user names to attempt
```

                                  matching. For example, you can remove your
                                  company name from users login.

>   --user-suffix TEXT              Suffix to remove to user names to attempt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --user-suffix TEXT              Suffix to remove from user names to attempt
```
